Why don't you want to knock three times and pay nine prayers?
That's a bye
The head of the Shen family is going to regret it
The evil and obstructive AD is domineering again
Is it when we don't exist?
overbearing
newly built
I remember your men
It seems to have been killed by my people
Ha ha.
A mere 1,000 martial arts masters is nothing
Where is Liuming Temple?
That was 300 years ago.
Destroy the Immortal Super Dragon Kingdom with the force of nature
Fifteen thousand masters
Liu Sixian
It is said that these four people have already surpassed the physical wonderland
A mere Xu Kunzi died
1,000 martial arts masters will be destroyed
The four celestial beings who have been hidden for 300 years said they are used by me
Just for my use
Weird? Fear? Despair?
The boy denies killing my apprentice grandson
Today, as long as you pay with blood
This Xu Kunzi turned out to be only the weight of four immortals
Sun
Li Que, you only have a blind brain
That's a fraction.
Chen Weijia listens to your tone
You found a home the day after your divorce
So what?
Our Li Shao's heroic debut
And you, as his brother
Only a body of brute force is beating its chest here
I'm just sorry
You were the one who stayed alive in Yandu 8 years ago
Instead of my Lishang